README.md, before:

# <b>Book an Appointment | Houses - App</b>

## <b>Table of Contents</b>

- [About the Project](#about-project)
  - [Built With:](#built-with)
    - [Tech Stack](#tech-stack)
    - [Key Features](#key-features)
  - [Live Demo](#live-demo)
- [Getting Started](#getting-started)
  - [Setup](#setup)
  - [Prerequisites](#prerequisites)
  - [Install](#install)
  - [Usage](#usage)
- [Authors](#authors)
- [Future Features](#future-features)
- [Contributing](#contributing)
- [Show your support](#support)
- [Acknowledgements](#acknowledgements)
- [FAQ](#faq)
- [License](#license)

## <b>Budget App</b> <a name="about-project"></a>

This is a full stack app built with React, Redux, Tailwind CSS, and Ruby on Rails.<br>
The application features authentication to access it, promps the user with a selection of houses, and a navigation bar, allowing the user to reserve, create, and delete houses.

## <b>Built With</b> <a name="built-with"></a>

### Tech Stack : <a name="tech-stack"></a>
Client
- <a href="https://react.dev/">React</a>

Server
- <a href="https://rubyonrails.org/">Ruby on Rails</a>

Database
- <a href="https://www.postgresql.org/">PostgreSQL</a>

### Key Features : <a name="key-features"></a>
- Authentication
- Manage reservations per user
- API calls to reserve, create and delete entities
- Responsive design

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- LIVE DEMO -->

## <b>Live Demo</b> <a name="live-demo"></a>

- [Live Demo]()

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

# <b>Getting Started</b><a name="getting-started"></a>
To get a local copy up and running follow these simple example steps, you'll need both repositories, front and back end.

## <b>Setup</b>
Clone these repositories to your desired folder:

`
cd book-an-appointment
`

`
git clone https://github.com/jmonto55/book-an-appointment-frontend.git
`

`
git clone https://github.com/jmonto55/book-an-appointment-backend.git
`
## <b>Install</b>

Install this project with:

`
cd book-an-appointment-frontend
`

`
npm i
`

`
cd book-an-appointment-backend
`

`
bundle i
`

### Database

At the backend, create the databases, run migrations, and populate it with seed data:

`
rails db:create
`

`
rails db:migrate
`

`
rails db:seed
`

### Usage
First, fire up the server at the backend:


Then, run the frontend with the following commands:

`
npm start
`

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

## Authors <a name="author"></a>

**Jose Montoya**

- GitHub: [@jmonto55](https://github.com/jmonto55)
- LinkedIn: [jmontodev](https://www.linkedin.com/in/jmontodev/)

**Mohamed Abd Elmohsen Saleh**

- GitHub: [@mohamed20163858](https://github.com/mohamed20163858)
- LinkedIn: [mohamed-mohsen-685a4995](https://www.linkedin.com/in/mohamedmohsensaleh/)

**Simon Gideon**

- GitHub: [@SimonGideon](https://github.com/SimonGideon)
- LinkedIn: [mnayi-gideon](https://www.linkedin.com/in/simon-gideon/)

**Bryan Hurtado**

- GitHub: [@darkxdev](https://github.com/darkxdev)
- LinkedIn: [bryan-hurtado](https://www.linkedin.com/in/bryan-hurtado/)

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

## 🔭 Future Features <a name="future-features"></a>

- **Add image to sign up**
- **Build APIs**

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

Commit message:

Update README file and add license

README.md, after:

# <b>Book an Appointment | Houses - App</b>

## <b>Table of Contents</b>

- [About the Project](#about-project)
  - [Built With:](#built-with)
    - [Tech Stack](#tech-stack)
    - [Key Features](#key-features)
  - [Live Demo](#live-demo)
- [Getting Started](#getting-started)
  - [Setup](#setup)
  - [Prerequisites](#prerequisites)
  - [Install](#install)
  - [Usage](#usage)
- [Authors](#authors)
- [Future Features](#future-features)
- [Contributing](#contributing)
- [Show your support](#support)
- [Acknowledgements](#acknowledgements)
- [FAQ](#faq)
- [License](#license)

## <b>Budget App</b> <a name="about-project"></a>

This is a full stack app built with React, Redux, Tailwind CSS, and Ruby on Rails.<br>
The application features authentication to access it, promps the user with a selection of houses, and a navigation bar, allowing the user to reserve, create, and delete houses.

## <b>Built With</b> <a name="built-with"></a>

### Tech Stack : <a name="tech-stack"></a>
Client
- <a href="https://react.dev/">React</a>

Server
- <a href="https://rubyonrails.org/">Ruby on Rails</a>

Database
- <a href="https://www.postgresql.org/">PostgreSQL</a>

### Key Features : <a name="key-features"></a>
- Authentication
- Manage reservations per user
- API calls to reserve, create and delete entities
- Responsive design

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- LIVE DEMO -->

## <b>Live Demo</b> <a name="live-demo"></a>

- [Live Demo]()

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

# <b>Getting Started</b><a name="getting-started"></a>
To get a local copy up and running follow these simple example steps, you'll need both repositories, front and back end.

## <b>Setup</b>
Clone these repositories to your desired folder:

`
cd book-an-appointment
`

`
git clone https://github.com/jmonto55/book-an-appointment-frontend.git
`

`
git clone https://github.com/jmonto55/book-an-appointment-backend.git
`
## <b>Install</b>

Install this project with:

`
cd book-an-appointment-frontend
`

`
npm i
`

`
cd book-an-appointment-backend
`

`
bundle i
`

### Database

At the backend, create the databases, run migrations, and populate it with seed data:

`
rails db:create
`

`
rails db:migrate
`

`
rails db:seed
`

### Usage
First, fire up the server at the backend:


Then, run the frontend with the following commands:

`
npm start
`

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

## Authors <a name="author"></a>

**Jose Montoya**

- GitHub: [@jmonto55](https://github.com/jmonto55)
- LinkedIn: [jmontodev](https://www.linkedin.com/in/jmontodev/)

**Mohamed Abd Elmohsen Saleh**

- GitHub: [@mohamed20163858](https://github.com/mohamed20163858)
- LinkedIn: [mohamed-mohsen-685a4995](https://www.linkedin.com/in/mohamedmohsensaleh/)

**Simon Gideon**

- GitHub: [@SimonGideon](https://github.com/SimonGideon)
- LinkedIn: [mnayi-gideon](https://www.linkedin.com/in/simon-gideon/)

**Bryan Hurtado**

- GitHub: [@darkxdev](https://github.com/darkxdev)
- LinkedIn: [bryan-hurtado](https://www.linkedin.com/in/bryan-hurtado/)

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

## 🔭 Future Features <a name="future-features"></a>

- **Upload Images**
- **Build APIs**

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

## 🤝 Contributing <a name="contributing"></a>

Contributions, issues, and feature requests are welcome!

Feel free to check the [issues page](https://github.com/jmonto55/book-an-appointment-frontend/issues).

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

## ⭐️ Show your support <a name="support"></a>

If you like this project please give it a star 😁🌟✨

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

## 🙏 Acknowledgments <a name="acknowledgements"></a>

Special thanks to [Murat Korkmaz](https://www.behance.net/muratk) for the awesome design.

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

## 📝 License <a name="license"></a>

This project is [MIT](./LICENSE) licensed.

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>
